Web full stack developer
DMart Labs (Avenue Supermarkets Ltd)
Mera DMart Framework - Web platform
Managed frontend development team with 2 team members.
Implemented Micro Frontend using React and single-spa from scratch
Created applications for complete Warehouse management system
Created UI SDK for developers which helps creating new applications to be used in micro frontend
Created CMS for Managing DMart India website using React
Mera DMart Framework - Flutter App
Implemented Async Redux pattern in flutter for state management
Created Hybrid application SDK which supports micro applications in Flutter
Created React micro frontend developer SDK for flutter applications
Flexitime - Job recruitment platform
Managed application development from UX to working product
Created responsive mobile application for applicants to apply for DMart jobs
Created Admin panel for management of Jobs and Demands.

Software Engineer
Innoplexus Consulting Services Pvt Ltd
- Lead team of 2 - 3 developers to create client facing dashboards using React and D3
- Created API services using Express, Elasticsearch and Mongo
- Created query builder SDK for DaaS platform using Typescript
- Created Dashboards and Analytical application for Patents analysis
- Created data processing pipelines for calculating  Simple and Extended patent family calculations and other parents related statistic with Mongo DB and Pandas
- Assisted team with setting up backend structure using Django and Express

CoFounder
Platform focused towards documentation in the infrastructure industry. Aimed to reduce monitoring overhead by providing geotagged insights from given data
Created Django application which helps in representing collection of coordinated on map using leaflet
Worked on location clustering algorithm to cluster user images
Created Android application which supports capturing geotagged images with use of hardware sensors for directions and Geo-location

CoFounder
Vritt
Platform for automatically extracting and keywords from news and building news topical timelines to help keep track of interests of readers
Integrated NLP data processing libraries like Stanford NER, NLTK and polyglot with Django
Created crawlers for curating data from various websites using RSS feeds and Crawling
Created a website using Django templates and CSS framework like Semantic UI

Hi, I am Vikram Sangat Looking for opportunities in React and Frontend Domain5
Hi, I am Vikram Sangat Looking for opportunities in React and Full Stack Domain

With over 5 years of expertise in developing Web Applications, Hybrid Mobile Applications and Backend Services. I manage product development lifecycle from design implementation to production deployment. Always looking for new opportunity to learn and experiment with new technologies and frameworks.


With over 5 years of experience in frontend and backend technologies. I have worked on creating web applications, Web SDK, component libraries, Micro-frontend architecture, Hybrid application and backend services.

I am keen to learn new technologies and keep on experimenting with them.

Specialties: React JS, Redux, RxJS, Typescript, Node.js, Express, Flutter, Python, Django
Databases: MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis, PostGreSQL, and MySQL.

Interested in: Web application development .

26,250


With over 5 years of experience in frontend and backend technologies. I have worked on creating web applications, component libraries, implemented micro-frontend architecture, hybrid mobile application and backend services. I have also managed and lead team of developers from product designing phase till production deployment. I am keen to learn new technologies and keep on experimenting with them.
